We're half an hour.
>> You're half an hour away from the opens
in Hong Kong.
Hong Kong Shenzhen in Shanghai. You're
watching the China show. I'm Y Ivon man
in Hong Kong. Our top stories this
morning, we're taking a look at Korean
stocks in the wan gating as President
Trump sets tariffs at 15% exchange for
hundreds of billions of dollars in
investments. India though falls on the
other side of the spectrum facing a 25%
levy that could still go together higher
over its protectionism and purchases of
Russian oil. Also ahead, traders pushing
back bets for rate cuts as the Fed
stands pat with chair Jay Powell setting
tariff risks to inflation. And China's
top leadership signals once again that
ending price wars is at the center of
economic planning as they seek to boost
growth.
[Music]
A quick look at the market action. We're
seeing US futures very positive
following on from the strong showing
from tech earnings. But it's really also
about the Fed as it kept things on hold
as expected. But Powell's strong push
back also making investors erase some of
the bets of a September cut and we're
seeing that playing out in treasuries
and along with that the bounce in the
dollar that is also putting pressure on
JGBs. This is even ahead of the BOJ and
the comments from UEAN. Of course,
there's that bearish view emerging on
the yen, but is recouping some of that
lost ground against the green back of
the board because when it comes to Asia
stocks, it's also really been about
these trade deals. And for South Korea
in particular, 15% tariffs with the deal
are seen as a good outcome, but this is
kind of being offset by what we're
seeing in Samsung that miss on earnings
despite some of these positive showings
from its US counterparts. And of course
keeping a close watch as well on India
futures. Trump saying that tariffs on
India will be 25%. There has been a bit
of a view emerging that India stocks can
withstand some of this given how a lot
of the negativity has already been
priced in. India futures are flat at the
moment for the board. Again, when it
comes to Chinese futures, we've of
course uh been seeing that
anti-involution rally. The poly bureau
readout kind of reinforcing that theme.
futures pointing to a bit of a soft
start at the start of trade and the
dollar China moves also on watch. We're
seeing 720 on the handle there against
the backdrop of the bounce in the dollar
now being reversed slightly. Havon,
>> yeah, the bounce in the dollar has been
quite interesting, right? because you
saw basically this repricing around the
Fed where Jay Powell basically didn't
cave to the two descents that we saw
within the board which was expected but
certainly he didn't really lean into at
least signaling that a September cut is
coming that's why you're seeing yields
pick up the dollar pick up and then of
course you mentioned I mean the amount
of top stories today April is remarkable
my head's about to explode bureau read
out the bit of disappointment there that
there was no major stimulus and then we
got to break down the different trade
deal with Korea We can't quite call the
India one a deal just yet. But yes, the
highest tariff rank we've seen from
India in Asia. So certainly we have to
see what went wrong and how did those
talks really break down. Yeah, it's
really interesting because India, if you
recall back when all these tradeins
began as an ally to the US and with Modi
and Trump's, you know, relationship,
they were seen as sort of front of the
queue for reduction in trade uh tariffs.
But this is where we are at the moment.
Uh and for South Korea, I mean, I think
the key thing is also how they've
managed to get these lower rates, which
is very similar to what we're seeing
with Japan, right? And that investment
pledge, $350 billion. I think it also
echoes one of the details for these
investments into the US. That's also
something that has been a sort of
sticking point since Japan's gotten that
trade deal and also the $550 billion
investment pledge. Ivonne.
>> Yeah, it's interesting, right? Because
you take a look at how these investment
pledges have been country by country and
it's quite substantial that number,
right? I think it's over a trillion. If
you look at Japan, I think it was half a
trillion there. EU. Now, you add Korea,
South Korea to the mix there. Those are
some pretty big big numbers. If they
don't deliver, what happens to markets,
right? That certainly is something that
President Trump wants the goal of
bringing manufacturing jobs back to the
US. But if they fall short, certainly
that's going to be a key question there
beyond just where these tariff rates are
going to end up in the next weeks or
months.
Yeah. So, we're going to be continuing
to track those developments along with
what we've seen from the Fed know
continuing to digest all that and indeed
with Trump saying he's reached this
trade deal with South Korea imposing
this 15% tariff on its exports. Seoul
has also agreed to invest $350 billion
dollars, as we mentioned earlier, in the
US and buy hundred billion dollars in
energy products.
>> Korea, as as you know well, has always
been very challenging on trade for the
United States. We've had an agreement
with them in past years, but our trade
deficit with Korea has continued to be
extensive. However, President Trump has
raised the natural leverage of the US
market uh to really uh obtain some
significant concessions from the
Koreans.
Bloomberg senior editor Derek Walbang
joins us. So Derek, let's start with
Korea first. There was a bit of concern
because of how close we are to August
1st and then now we know 15% ultimately
is what Korea is going to get and key
among that how they might not be opening
further access for US beef rice imports.
Is this being seen as a good outcome
overall for Korea?
Yeah, April, I think this is uh one of
the better uh outcomes that you could
have hoped for. If you are looking at
South Korea, you're getting a deal that
broadly uh matches Japan. It is a deal
that kind of comes in uh a little bit
less than some other Asian uh players uh
a little bit less than Vietnam for
example, Indonesia. Um so not a bad deal
if you are South Korea compared to what
other things are uh are are getting
inked here. It also comes with uh Seoul
agreeing to uh some $350 billion in US
investments. This of course echoes the
uh the fund that uh Donald Trump said
Japan would do to the tune of 550
billion. We'll see what that looks like
um going for further. I mean, the devil
is always in the details on these sorts
of things, but uh we're hearing that
that could be uh rolled out over the
next couple of uh of weeks.
Broadly though I think the mood uh the
the mood when people are talking about
soul is that they got a reasonably good
deal as I say compared to what other
countries are getting especially in the
region.
>> Derek talk to me about India we saw
basically the rupee slump futures are
slightly in the downside here today
could be pretty ugly at the open. How do
we end up with 25% tariffs?
>> Well Ivon everything I just said about
South Korea put it in the mirror and
flip it around. Right. uh India here is
is getting what I think a lot of
analysts are saying is is probably on
the on the worst end of where people
thought that they could be. Remember uh
Narendra Modi was near the front of the
line when uh when this all started going
right he was an early visitor to the
White House. Uh you're seeing clips on
the screen of that visit. Very friendly
nation. Trump actually said in his uh
social media post talking about this
that you know India is a friend but
they've got a couple of of strong
differences here right um never mind
that the US has reached out to India as
a security partner never mind all of the
Indo-Pacific you know kind of stuff when
you're talking about a pure trade
relationship you are talking about a
country with a pretty substantial trade
deficit um you're also talking about a
country that has a lot of um protection
related policies and you also have some
real differences because some of the
things that Trump has been really keen
on opening up for places that are really
part of his own political uh coalition.
I'm thinking in terms of autos I'm
thinking in terms of farms. Those are
also some things that uh you know that
India is particularly keen to protect.
Um so there there are some real policy
differences. I think though at this
point you also can't sit there and say
25% that's the last thing we're going to
talk about because Trump has also said
that there should be some penalties um
for for continued partnerships with
Russia in terms of energy. That's a
long-term relationship India and Russia.
We could talk for days about the um
ancestral you know reasons for that but
that is coming into focus as is the fact
that India is the eye in bricks. uh and
Trump has had some words about the BRICS
uh countries and what he sees as you
know sort of their increasing
coordination and what that might mean
for for the US and for the dollar and
global trade. So there's a lot here
that's sort of headwinds. Um even as uh
Trump and Modi have had a good
relationship and even as this uh you
know US senior officials are telling us
this is not the end of the road. Even if
this is sort of a pretty big hurdle
where we are now there still could be
further talks. You could get to a uh a
bigger deal. We're just not there yet.
And right now um this is on the this is
toward the worst case scenario that
people were looking at.
Yeah, it seems like an uphill battle for
India from here on, Derek. But yes, as
you mentioned, there's economic sticking
points, geopolitical ones as well. It's
getting pretty complicated. Derek, thank
you breaking it all down for us. Our
senior editor joining us there out of
San Francisco. Let's get to another top
story here in China. President Xi has
endorsed a campaign to fight involution
and reduce excess competition in the
economy, signaling this is now a top
priority for Beijing. Let's bring in our
China correspondent, Mim Lo. She's been
reading the out well reading this
readout from the poll bureau that we
finally got uh in this meeting. What
came out of it?
>> Yeah. Before we talk about that, I
actually want to point out this People's
Daily editorial that came out this
morning which talked about how the
Stockholm talks had really boosted trade
confidence and it seems like there is
really a lot of positive momentum at
least from the Chinese side that is
expectation that maybe a big outcome
could be coming because a top diplomat
in Singapore had praised uh the US for
negotiating in good faith and saying
that perhaps in three months time the
two sides could be doing a lot of things
together. So that could be why we are
seeing the pilot bureau readout becoming
uh quite disappointing at least for some
analysts. You look at mccquiry they're
saying that you know there isn't enough
signals from the pilot bureau readout
suggesting that there's going to to be
imminent rate cuts that there's going to
be you know more stimulus coming there
isn't any signs that maybe there will be
more uh policy easing when it comes to
property as well. So you look at the
readout the the statements there when it
comes to fiscal and monetary policy
really not much changes mentioning you
know accelerating the pace of government
bond issuance which has already been
happening in the first half of the year
you know keeping liquidity ample um
that's not new as well but what's new
though is as you said the language
around reigning in over capacity uh
regulating local government's investment
promotion practices and this is really
key because presidency has previously
questioned whether there is need for all
these local governments to pile into the
same emerging sectors that exacerbates
the price war and the over capacity. Um
so that's one although uh 22V research
the analysts there are saying that even
that language is sounding a little bit
underwhelming given the lack of
specifics in terms of targets and
mechanisms as to how to rein in that
over capacity.
>> Okay so maybe a bit of disappointment
but we have a bit more dates of at least
the the plenum and we're thinking now
circling October.
>> Yes. No, no specific dates, but it's
going to be in October. And this is
important because the plenum will focus
on this uh drafting this next 5-year
plan from 2026 to 2031. And it's going
to be closely watched by US officials
because again in Sweden during those
talks, Scott Besson has warned his
Chinese counterparts or rather
encouraged them to rebalance the economy
and he told them that they should make
that public if it's going to be part of
the 5-year plan. So, they're going to be
watching what comes out of that. And the
polit bureau readout mentioned the
guidance there is about balancing
between security and development. And if
you read between the lines, it shows
that perhaps that concern around
reducing reliance on the US. That's
going to continue to be a theme in the
next 5-year plan. We have previously
reported that China might be considering
this uh renewal or a revised version of
the made in made in China 2025 plan
focusing on high-tech goods, maybe
making things like semiconductor
equipment, machines. Uh so that likely
is going to be a continued focus for the
next plan.
>> Mman, thank you. Our China correspondent
Mimman Lo there. Uh coming up we're
talking about earnings and really what
we've been talking about is with Hung
Properties the chair Adriel Chan is
joining us exclusively to go through
their earnings and outlook. Earnings did
fall some 14% uh on year there.
Certainly one to watch here. But you
know there are seeing signs of
stabilization in the retail sector in
China. I ask Adriel Chan about that. JP
Morgan also upgrading the stock to
overweight overnight. We're also kind of
the opens of trade in Shanghai,
Shenzhen, and Hong Kong. Futures have
been in the red here this morning. This
is the China show.
[Music]
At today's meeting, the committee
decided to maintain the target range for
the federal funds rate at 4 and a/4 to 4
1/2% despite elevated uncertainty. The
economy is in a solid position. The
unemployment rate remains low and the
labor market is at or near maximum
employment. Inflation has eased
significantly from its highs in mid
2022, but remains somewhat elevated
relative to our 2% longer run goal.
Higher tariffs have begun to show
through more clearly to prices of some
goods, but their overall effects on
economic activity and inflation remain
to be seen. We have made no decisions
about September. We don't we don't do
that in advance. We'll be taking that
information into consideration and all
the other information we get as we make
our decision at the September meeting.
>> Fed chair Jerome Powell. Now, we saw
pretty strongly that push back from the
Fed chair on the September cut, but
markets still pricing in too. And for
September, the pricing went from about
60% before his comments to roughly even
odds. So it's really interesting how
markets are digesting the commentary
from the federal uh chair.
>> Yeah, this was seen as almost a sure
thing, right, leading up to this that we
were going to get these cuts maybe
September. That's been dialed back a
little bit, right? You mentioned it's
it's below just a coin toss for
September. I think 80% chance now uh in
October that we'll see a cut because of
this push back despite what we saw,
right? two descents, the first time
we've seen in 30 years among the Fed,
and also the moderation and growth that
they flagged there, which is a change in
the language. But then again, what we
saw was the two-year really kind of
seeing that meltup here. We stabilized a
bit in the Asia session, but we're at
393 levels for your two-year yield this
morning.
Let's bring in Adam Bo. He is executive
vice president and head of Australia
Portfolio Management at PIMCO. Adam,
great to have you with us. Let's start
off with the Fed. I mean that push back
from Powell, what's your assessment of
it? Was it something that came of a
support uh sort of surprise for you?
>> Look, uh thanks for having me. I I don't
think we uh learned that much new out of
the Fed overnight. You know, we had
policy on hold, acknowledgement that
growth slowing, um couple of descents
which suggests that they're getting
closer to providing more policy support,
but a a chair that was uh very much data
dependent in the press conference. So I
honestly don't think we uh we learned
that much.
>> So what is your expectation of the rate
cuts that we'll get this year
ultimately?
>> Look, I think um from our perspective
when we look at the US, it's looking
more and more like a economy that's
growing close to 1% um than um you know
versus 2 to 3% that it has been for the
past couple of years. So, it's certainly
an economy I think that by the time we
get through the second half of this year
will require more policy support and we
think they'll get there um through the
second half. Um you know before the next
meeting we're going to get a couple more
employment reports, a couple more
inflation prints. Um we think the the
evidence will mount by that stage to
allow them to ease by the end of the
year.
>> So Adam, was it just optics what we
heard from Powell then that you know the
statement was seen doubbish? he leaned a
little bit more on the hawkish side. Was
that sort of a compromise and he's he's
just kind of delaying the inevitable
now?
>> Look, I think um he's they're managing a
very delicate period where growth is
clearly slowing. Um but uh inflation's
picking up and they're expecting it to
pick up a little more towards the end of
the year with the pass through of
tariffs. Um so a central bank that's
trying to look through that um and u
making sure that inflation expectations
remain anchored so that by the time they
get to the end of the year they can um
they can be in a position where they're
easing rates. So I think it was just a
very um you know it was quite smart from
the chair to um to to push back and um
allow them to um gather more evidence to
to get to that position before the end
of the year.
>> Um how should I look at the the whole
steepening of the yield curve? How do
you position around it here right now?
How far down the curve do I have to get
to really kind of benefit from these
steeper curves?
>> Yeah, it's a great question. Um, you
know, it's a good time to be an active
bond manager. You know, um, we love high
rates and steep curves and volatility.
Um, which is exactly the environment
we've we've been getting and and look,
you don't have to step all the way out
to 30 years to benefit from steep
curves. You know, I think the best part
of the curve at the moment is is further
in. um somewhere between 5 and 10 years
you get the benefit of a steep curve to
roll down um and you're avoiding the the
you know the the repricing in the long
end due to fiscal um and um and so you
can benefit from from steep curves
without um stepping all the way out the
yield curve.
>> What about for Japan Adam? I mean do you
see enough demand for the long end of
things?
>> Yeah, so that's a it's almost the flip
side to the Fed. um you know pressure
around um the Bank of Japan to gradually
increase rates over after a very long
period of um of interest rates anchored
at zero means there's more risk at the
the front end of the curve. Um when we
look further out in Japan, you got 30
years now about 3% which um you know
when you hedge that back into US dollar
terms is um up around 7%. So certainly
we think there's enough fiscal premium
built into the long end of the of the
Japanese curve relative to other parts
of the world. um and um and certainly
more anchored than than than shorter
maturities in in Japan where um they'll
be much more respons responsive to the
Bank of Japan um as they start to
normalize policy away from zero.
>> I mean, you alluded to some of this, but
how much further clarity do you think
the Bank of Japan needs now that we
already have a trade deal with Japan?
what is it going to take to kind of
unlock more confidence on a rate hike
and in terms of signaling that we can
ultimately get from aan
>> look I think the two things that they've
been grappling with the uncertainty is
the external environment that you've
noted but we've also going through a a
pretty complicated political environment
domestically um we should have more
clarity on that in the next couple of
months um as you say there is mounting
evidence that um they they will be in a
position to um adjust rates a little
higher But probably the main uncertainty
for the Bank of Japan at the moment um
remains the the local political
environment
>> and we we've seen the fiscal concerns in
Japan in the US. Adam, I'm just
wondering, you know, where do I how do I
manage duration at the moment? Are there
better opportunities in terms of fiscal
side of things in other parts of the
world?
Yeah, look, we we think there are. If we
look at treasuries, um if you stem back
from the the daily volatility, 10ear
treasuries actually haven't gone very
far in the last two years. You know, we
got a 10ear Treasury rate a little bit
above 430. Um if you look at the 2-year
average, it's about 430. Um so, we think
treasuries at the moment look
reasonable. Certainly, if we push to the
higher end of recent ranges, we'd be
better buyers. But, um stepping back and
looking more globally, there are more
attractive places to own duration. Um
here in Australia, you know, we have a
very different fiscal dynamic. Um you
know, government debt will be peing, you
know, below 50%. Um and you've got
deficits, you know, that are 2 to 3% um
rather than 6 to 7. Um and similar
places to the UK. So we, you know, UK is
going through a fiscal consolidation,
not expansion. Um so treasuries look
reasonable to us. We like the 5 to 10
year part of the curve, but even outside
that there's more attractive areas to
own duration like Australia and and the
UK.
Adam, it's great to have you. Adam Boy
there, executive and vice president and
head of Australia portfolio management
at PIMCO joining us out of Sydney. We'll
also be speaking with Goldman Sachs a
little later on about the outlook for
the BOJ and whether we may see another
rate hike this year and certainly, you
know, we are going to be counting down
to that decision out in Tokyo. Tomahiro
joins us a little bit later on your
pre-market and we'll let talk about your
agenda here today. Uh we are seeing a
bit of downside when it comes to
futures. A hang sang in the pre-market
is down about 194 points here this
morning. This is Bloomberg
[Music]
some watch at the open. Wooi Attek is
moving to the downside here this
morning. This is after that share
placement. They're selling about 73.8
million8 shares at $10427.
$10427 a piece here. Uh that is a slight
discount about 7% to the last close.
That's why you are seeing the shares
down some 4%. We're watching JD.com. So
it's been confirmed offering to buy
economy uh for about €460 a share there.
The stock is slightly to the downside,
but Mtoan's the one to watch here with
process a selling down at stake in the
company as it launches Kita in Brazil.
We'll have more coming up along with how
long coming up.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're coming down to the open of
markets and Ivonne, we've really been
seeing that anti-involution
rally recently and perhaps interesting
how the Chinese president is calling for
measures to end over competition and
amid all this as we know that has been a
key factor for deflation and also these
tensions with trade partners. We've seen
futures uh giving us a bit of a softer
pointing to what we're going to see
potentially at the open.
>> Yeah, maybe a bit of disappointment on
that pull-up bureau meeting. Yes, they
did stress anti-involution. But then
again, I think traders were still
expecting for some sort of stimulus
particularly in the property side of
things maybe or even even consumption,
right? Given the the talk about, you
know, cash handouts to people uh
encouraging them to give birth and
whatnot. So maybe a bit of
disappointment there today. But yes,
this rally has been sort of petering out
a little bit of late, that consolidation
uh there. But there there you go. We're
seeing CSI 300 down about a fifth of 1%
today. And you mentioned
anti-involution. It really has been the
commodities that have been benefiting
from that. And once again, they are
heading lower, right? You take a look at
steel, rebar, iron, ore, copper as well.
We did see copper prices move globally
on the back of Trump and you know he had
this exception when it comes to those
50% tariffs that do go into effect soon
but they exempted refined materials from
that new 50% tariffs on the metal. So
that's why we're seeing copper prices
perhaps uh tumble there and along with
this let down that we're seeing from the
poll bureau meeting. HSBC those earnings
came out yesterday but it seems like the
stock is down some 2% here right now.
Hangen is down about 1%. HStech is
selling off. Perhaps it's due to mtoan
right so process selling that stake that
they have in the company here. It's
interesting they just launched kita in
Brazil. This is also where process has
another app that dominates, right? And
maybe that's why we're seeing this sort
of them selling down that stake. So
that's why we're seeing the stock down
about three and a half%. But it is
bringing down maybe some other of the
food delivery sort of uh applications
there here today. Watch Alibaba were
down some 1%. JD also down uh some 2%.
But they also did confirm JD that they
will be taking over and buying Seconomy
that's the German uh retailer there
there for 420 for 60 euro uh there a
share uh in cash. So there you go. So
things are selling off here. There is
continued consolidation. Keep in mind we
also did see HQMA stepping in once again
to defend the peg after the dollar sort
of strength and the persistent strength
we've seen for the past month as well.
So, I'm losing count how many times uh
they've actually stepped in, but
certainly they they had to do so again
given the pressure that we're seeing on
the upper end of that ban. Property,
that's the one to watch, right? 1.4%. Uh
but then again, we're watching very
closely Hung. It's still one of the key
beneficiaries and winners here today.
The stock is up some 3%. It's about an
earnings story as well. Budweiser has
some pretty good numbers as well. So, a
lot of things are moving right now.
You're watching PMI numbers, April.
Yeah, and we were expecting contraction
to be about the same as what we saw the
prior month. 49.7 was the previous
reading. So, this is a bit worse. 49.3
on the manufacturing PMI. And this is of
course uh not that good of a result of
sorts, but against the backdrop of
perhaps uh some expectations of
resilience in the manufacturing sector
uh now being dented at non-manufacturing
PMIs. We're also seeing it coming in at
50.1 which is roughly in line with
expectations. We were seeing uh some
survey expectations of it coming in at
50.2. So represents uh an expansion when
it comes to non-manufacturing out of
China. Ivonne.
>> Yeah. And and Bler economists talked
about this a little bit, right? They
they expected growth to start to
decillerate in the second half of this
year. Early signs of a slowdown possibly
were going to be seen in these PMIs for
July. So you're starting to see whether
it's high frequency data, tentative
signs of exports slowing now despite the
fact that we're still in in this trade
truce uh with US and China. So certainly
that's one to watch. Obviously is also
the summer travel season. Maybe that
could help in terms of the services side
of things, but we'll track that once we
do get more data on that front as well.
But in terms of movers, we talked about
the copper price. We talked about what's
been going on with the miners here as
well. Also we saw iron ore copper also
fell on the back of uh you know what we
did not hear from from the pallet bureau
read out there. So we did see here jing
mining down she copper they are
following along with the copper price
this morning watching chips obviously
Samsung uh had an interesting sort of
results there uh when it came to
earnings. So following what we saw with
all the big the mag 7 doing very well
like meta Microsoft overnight you are
seeing at least a bit of a positive
follow-through in some of these tech
shares as well. the chip arm of Samsung
also logging a big profit miss though uh
that certainly was one thing to watch
when it came uh to the stock in terms of
CL and Prada Hung so CL that was an
analyst action there after their
earnings that came through so it's an
earnings picture there 33% growth in
terms of net income the shares are down
this morning uh in Hong Kong Prada
that's the big one seeing downside about
9% right now Hanong though okay so
things are actually looking okay in
terms of uh the property side of things.
We're up 3%. Earnings were were slower
about 14% revenue as well, but there are
signs that maybe things are stabilizing
there. So certainly that's going to be
the key focus for Helen Properties as
well. One of the big winners uh on the
board in HSI here today. I think the
Budweiser APAC is also doing quite well
on the back of those earnings today as
well. Let's focus a little bit more on
Hong Long Group, though saying that the
retail sector in Hong Kong is likely to
remain challenging in the second half
due to external economic factors. The
company and its separately listed
property arm have just reported earnings
results for the first half. Joining us
exclusively now is Adriel Chan, chair of
Hangong Group and Hangon Properties.
Adriel, it's always great to have you.
So earnings still seeing a bit of a
downside there but then again the
guidance that you mentioned there of of
stabilization particularly in the retail
sector in China the headlines don't
really seem that way but what are you
seeing on the ground
>> so first of all our earnings are kind of
blended we have both development
properties for sale and then we have our
investment properties which is mostly
China leasing and if you separate out
the development properties which we sold
less of this year actually China leasing
uh is flat um our rental revenues for
retail properties uh is flat which I
think in this market is probably not too
bad. Um even though tenant sales are
down just low single digits. Uh so what
we're seeing is uh better than expected
definitely. Um I think everybody was a
little bit nervous first half of the
year. Uh but come second quarter uh we
really saw a little bit of a pickup in
the retail sales. So uh in terms of the
trajectory it is looking like it's on
the right track even if uh rental
revenues are down slightly. Are you more
optimistic on the retail side over the
office side of things? I mean, you
mentioned a lot in the earnings about
the uncertainties whether it's about
trade tariffs as well as with interest
rates right now. Is that going to impact
more on the commercial side of things?
>> Absolutely. So, the offices are still uh
struggling both in Hong Kong and in
mainland China. Uh even more so in
mainland China. There's a huge uh you
could say a glut of office supply and
not that many people looking to expand.
Um over here in Hong Kong uh what we're
hearing is even though there is a lot of
supply uh there are some banks uh that
are making announcements about coming
back to work in the office and so in
Hong Kong even though we've been in this
sort of prolonged slump for office
market uh it does seem to have some
green shoots. Let's hope that that picks
up. Um back to mainland China. So retail
does feel a lot stronger uh than offices
for me.
>> Adriel Averil in Singapore here. Does
that include for prime shopping malls
for luxury? Is is that a same read
through?
>> Absolutely. So luxury uh in our malls uh
I think has outperformed the results
that they have just been reporting. Uh
their results came out yesterday and
today um and uh so it's been uh better
than the most of the first quarter. Uh
second quarter definitely better uh and
all of this uh a lot better than second
half of last year. So, we do feel like
the worst is probably behind. Um, we're
seeing a a slight pickup. We're hoping
for growth in Q3.
>> What about when it comes to
pre-leasasing on your new HJO project?
Um, is there a lot of confidence there
as well from what you're seeing initial
stages?
>> Absolutely. Ho is one of the most
dynamic, if not the most dynamic, uh,
city in China right now. Uh, and the
demand for that has been high. Uh we've
just announced that we are actually
expanding our footprint there uh through
a uh a joint venture through a
partnership. Uh so we're trying to
invest even more in that city because we
have that conviction.
>> How are you dealing with maybe the bit
of consumption habits that are changing,
right? I mean there's a shift into new
consumption now. There's people in Hong
Kong heading up north to to consume.
What is Hang Long looking in terms of
you know anything when it comes to GBA?
we uh in terms of GBA, you know, for
now, this is probably not uh the time
that we're looking to expand heavily uh
in terms of capex. Uh so I don't think
that you would expect to see us make any
big announcements uh in the near future.
That being said, we have been looking at
ways to increase our footprint with
relatively less capex. Um new
consumption is is on everybody's lips.
Um the Lubu craze, uh PopMart and Laool,
all of these are our tenants. uh and
we're making sure that we have uh we
have exposure to the the best tenants.
>> What's holding you back on on GBA
expanding there in particular?
>> Uh it's just been a matter of timing and
opportunity. Uh we haven't found the
right plot of land at the right price.
Although clearly uh prices have come
down, so so there's a lot more
opportunity these days.
>> Uh oh, April has a question.
>> Oh, I was just going to ask Adriel. I
mean when you look at the outlook, you
alluded to some of this earlier for
commercial uh property. What about the
risks from what we're seeing in highore
out of Hong Kong? Like is that something
that is being put into the consideration
when you consider the outlook?
>> Yeah, obviously interest rates have a
huge impact on uh real estate companies
from valuations to cost of funding. um
especially in in a time like now where
there's a little bit of jitter in the
markets around the financial
sustainability of some of uh the
property names. Uh obviously I think
we're very comfortable where we are. Uh
we're geared at about 33 some percent.
Um and uh we should be topping out uh if
not now than in the near future. So uh
we do feel like uh we're in a pretty
comfortable place. That being said um
obviously that is going to put pressure
if if highore goes up. Um but uh our
cost of capital actually or our cost of
borrowing over the past half has
actually come down. Uh so so we're
making sure that we're doing everything
possible to uh prevent that risk.
>> Um there are some potential assets that
are on sale right now. I'm talking about
11 skies uh with New World. I'm I'm
wondering is is he looking at this at
all in any way?
>> As a responsible um operator, I have to
look at uh things that are in the
market. Uh that being said, you know, I
don't know that this is an asset that's
right for us.
>> Adriel, what are you most optimistic
about? I mean, it's interesting as well
how we've seen that fair bit of
resilience uh on the mainland. Now we
have sort of that trade backdrop that
seems to be improving even though the
latest data doesn't seem to point that
way. uh in terms of consumer habits,
what do you think would lift spirits, so
to speak?
>> I mean, we do come back to the uh new
consumption. There are pockets of uh
positivity in the mainland Chinese
consumer markets. So, we're just making
sure that we're make uh we have access
and exposure to those names. Um
obviously, luxury is slowing a little
bit. Uh but if you compare it to the
pre-COVID numbers, they're still up
somewhere between 70 to 90%. Uh so if
you talk about really h how they've been
growing over the past 6 years, uh it's
not that bad. Um and I think that uh a
lot of times that nervousness uh is
maybe a little bit misplaced. So I
actually don't feel that uh that bad
about the future of retail in mainland
China at all.
>> In Hong Kong though, I got to ask you
about the residential side of things,
right? We've seen prices of new projects
are continuing to fall slowly and almost
at par with what you're seeing in the
old and existing property side of
things. Do you expect developers to
continue to scout these new projects
further?
>> In Hong Kong, I feel like the prices
have come down uh quite a quite a lot.
Uh if anyone's in the market for a
house, it's probably not a bad time to
buy here. Um that being said, it's it's
I would not I would hesitate to call the
bottom. Um I think we might trundle
along the bottom for some time. Um I I
don't see any immediate reasons for the
market to pick back up. That being said,
I also hopefully and at least for the
time being don't see any reasons for the
market to go down further either. So we
might uh we might trundle around along
for a while.
>> Adriel, always great to have you. Adriel
Chan there, chair of Hangon Group and
Hangon Properties on the back of those
earnings. We got plenty more ahead. This
is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Let's take a look at chip stocks and how
they're fairing. Of course, uh there are
two things happening here. We got really
strong earnings. So, from some of these
US tech names, Meta and Microsoft, the
revenues were a beat outlook solid. But
here in the Asia-Pacific, there is a bit
of uh counterweight coming from Samsung
and its chip division reporting this
quarterly profit that fell far short of
expectations. So reflecting a deepening
crisis at the world's largest memory
chip maker. And of course, Ivon, we saw
the unit reporting operating profit of
$288 million. This is versus the analyst
average projection of $2 billion.
>> Let's bring in Sam. she's been watching
this overall and and what really what's
behind this slump in the chip division
for Samsung?
>> Yeah, so the June quarter earning was uh
largely in line with what the market was
expecting, right? Uh but of course it
highlights how Samsung has fallen behind
its um high bandwidth memory space, the
artificial intelligence arena, um behind
its domestic rival SKH Highix and of
course TSMC when it comes to chip
baking. Um so this is again although the
market kind of expected that it just is
a sheer number that just uh tells you
where Samsung is at right now. Uh we've
seen some of the reports that says that
from 40% in HBM market share uh global
share of of um of HBM in 2024 it's
fallen to um close to 17%. That's uh
that's a massive fall and um it's been
having trouble to get the qualification
test from Nvidia. So that has been uh
affecting the share price. But of course
this month it's been an exclusion. Um
and uh when it comes to uh the deal with
Tesla, right? Um but again when it comes
to the chipm business uh they've seen
that uh fallout because of the export
controls on China um and that leading to
that inventory cost um just surging
because of the unsold AI chips.
Smi, this was coming at sort of a time
when there was some optimism that
Samsung could reclaim its position uh on
high bandwidth memory and we saw how you
know from the performance this month it
stock went up SKH Highix was down. What
is this going to mean as investors sort
of search for a bottom for that
particular part of Samsung's business?
>> Yeah, we cannot not talk about the Tesla
deal. of $16.5 billion in the course of
eight years. Some say it's not really uh
big deal when it comes to just a
breakdown in um annual terms. But again,
it does highlight how the founder
business, which investors had uh put
almost no value in, um is now they're
saying, well, Samsung can actually do
contract manufacturing. And um this will
also boost the uh utilization for the
Taylor plant that they have in Texas,
which has been struggling with the
construction. And again, as going back
to the share price, it's gained 10% uh
for the past three days since the deal.
and it's headed head headed for the
strongest monthly performance in over
four years. So that alone kind of
highlights Samsung single-handedly uh
boosted Korea's manufacturer Cosby in
July alone. So that there's that
optimism there. investors are saying
that this is the bottom and it can't get
any any worse and they're again kind of
making their bets on uh Samsung making
foray into that uh advanced HBM and
ultimately uh win that qualification
from Nvidia
>> SM great stuff thanks so much Bloomberg
Sani Cha in other earnings news Prada's
Hong Kong listed shares in focus after
it posted a 2% sales drop in the first
half and that dragged overall group
revenue just below low estimates and the
company cites a challenging environment,
weak consumer confidence and fears of
Trump's tariffs and how that might
trigger inflation in Asia and Europe.
Prada shares down more than 20% this
year. Ivonne,
>> yeah, we're seeing a 10% drop in Hong
Kong the back of those earnings, right?
And and you know, analysts are saying
it's really kind of a a split between
two halves, right? Miumu, you're seeing
growth. Prada brand though turning
negative for the first time as well. In
terms of the other side of things,
right, continue to focus on those tech
earnings on the US and MAG 7. NASDAQ
futures are up pretty punchy 1% or more
now after what we heard from Meta,
Microsoft, and Qualcomm and their
earnings 11% the after hours for Meta in
particular after that strong third
quarter uh report, right? You take a
look at what the sales forecast is that
they continue to really invest heavily
into AI. We have Bloomberg Technologies
Ed Lelo with more from San Francisco.
Meta had a really strong quarter and its
projections for the current period also
were very strong. But the bit that
surprised was the commentary that
capital expenditures in next year 2026
will grow at a rate that is above this
year. They had narrowed the capex range
to be between 66 billion and 72 billion
as they continue to invest in
infrastructure data centers but also top
AI talent. And while the breadandbut
business advertising principle is doing
really well, they're basically saying
that this will keep going and that they
will continue to raise the investments
that are needed to do the data center
buildout to hire that top talent in the
AI domain. Um there were some
interesting disclosures in there. For
example, in the quarter gone, um AI
smart glasses, the Rayban Metas
outperformed and grew in the quarter
while sales of Quest dropped. And I
bring that up because earlier in the
day, Zuckerberg had tried to explain
what super intelligence really looks
like, how people will interact with meta
in the future. But a lot of the emphasis
on the call from the executives was
about how the investments in AI were
actually paying off internally first,
helping product teams do better. And
then you have Microsoft, really similar
story on record spending, but we got
some data points that are really
interesting around Azure. So overall uh
Azure cloud growth 39% in the quarter
above estimates of 34.2%.
But for the first time Microsoft is
telling us in dollar terms how much
revenue they're getting from Azure
stripping out all the legacy products.
So in fiscal 25 the quarter that just
ended was fiscal the fourth quarter of
fiscal 25 they booked $75 billion of
revenue from Azure. That compares to $12
billion from Amazon AWS. So they're like
still a distant second but clearly uh
this is something more tangible.
Investors can see the capital
expenditures which are similar on a
fullear basis to metas but also the
topline growth that's resulting directly
from AI. Um some other interesting daily
u points as well 100 million monthly
users of co-pilot indicating that across
enterprise but also knowledge workers
individuals their own AI offerings are
starting to gain traction with a broader
base. This is Ed Lello for Bloomberg
News in San Francisco.
>> Subscribers can watch us live and see
our past interviews on our interactive
TV function TV go. You can also dive
into any of the securities or Bloomberg
functions we talk about and become part
of the conversation by sending us
instant messages. Check it out at TV go.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Of course, we just got that data 20
minutes ago when it comes to PMIs out of
China. And this is really quite worrying
signs we're seeing in manufacturing
because the contraction is more than
expected and indeed to a six-month low
at 49.3.
So raising further concerns. Are some of
these signs further emerging about
exports slowing at a time when there's
still weak domestic demand? And
certainly uh we also saw that further
slowing when it comes to
non-manufacturing uh that measure of
activity in construction in services
this fell to 50.1 from 50.5
in the last month. So maybe putting that
together uh Ivonne along with maybe some
expectation disappointment from the
polit bureau maybe how investors were
expecting some uh stimulus and this is
what we're seeing across markets at the
moment.
>> All right. Yeah, certainly that is going
to be the key focus. Earnings as well,
right? You see Budweiser, APAC on the
back of those earnings. Halo property uh
one certainly seeing more signs of
stabilization there according to Adriel
Chen. So earnings still going to be a
key drivers for some of these stocks
here. We have more coming up in the next
hour.
[Music]
At today's meeting, the committee
decided to maintain the target range for
the federal funds rate at 4 and a/4 to 4
1/2% despite elevated uncertainty. The
economy is in a solid position. The
unemployment rate remains low and the
labor market is at or near maximum
employment. Inflation has eased
significantly from its highs in mid
2022, but remains somewhat elevated
relative to our 2% longerr run goal.
Higher tariffs have begun to show
through more clearly to prices of some
goods, but their overall effects on
economic activity and inflation remain
to be seen. We have made no decisions
about September. We don't we don't do
that in advance. We'll be taking that
information into consideration and all
the other information we get as we make
our decision at the September meeting.
Fed Jerome Powell there and welcome back
to the China show. Here's a look at the
Hong Sen half hour into the session.
Really coming under some pressure there
1.4% down and it's trading near those
session lows. I think not helping is the
data that we got in the past hour from
China and how that manufacturing
sentiment is looking pretty soft, pretty
tepid and this is coming against the
backdrop for the broader markets of a
Fed chair who sounded more cautious than
expected. Keep in mind as well we had
two dissenters for the first time since
the '90s. These Fed meetings only going
to get more contentious going forward on
the region's benchmark. The decline of
uh a third of a percent. This is for I
think the fifth session which is his
longest losing streak since December
last year of course is also about these
trade deals that we're seeing 15% for
South Korea but Samsung's miss is the
drag in tech today and of course uh
keeping a close watch on what we see in
the open in the next hour in Indian
markets for now futures are looking
pretty flat uh 25% is where uh Trump
sees these levies for India Ivonne
Yeah, 25% that's that's that threat
certainly is big, right, for a nation
like India who, you know, we were
talking about they were in the front in
line when it comes to trade talks with
the US and now we're talking about a
tariff level that is among the highest
in the world here right now when you
have the likes of Japan and South Korea
getting 15%. You have Indonesia,
Philippines settling for 19%, Vietnam is
20. So what went wrong there certainly
is one thing. But it's interesting those
futures are stabilized a little bit.
We're watching the rupee very closely
when things do open up. But as you
mentioned, right, it's it's the
disappointment, the double whammy that
we're getting out of China, right? So
things already consolidating in this
equity rally in the mainland and now you
have not that much stimulus news coming
through the poll bureau readout. You
also have the PMI numbers are showing
now some cracks in particular when it
comes to exports and maybe things
slowing down the manufacturing side of
things. That certainly doesn't bode well
despite the fact that you know we're
still waiting for any sort of trade
truths to be extended between the two
nations.
Yeah, against the backdrop of that weak
domestic consumption, how clear is this
shift to kind of reposition the economy
away from manufacturing driven at the
time where that pillar uh for the
Chinese economy does also appear to be
struggling a little. Let's bring in
Rahul Chada. He's CIO at Shikara
Investment Management and he joins us
from New York. Raul, really good to have
you with us. Let's start there. I mean
these concerns about the Chinese economy
kind of bucking the signs of resilience
that we've been seeing previously. How
concerning is that to you um at a time
when perhaps Chinese stock rally had
been gaining steam?
>> Yeah. So I think some green shoots in
terms of better Chinese consumer
confidence are emerging but like the way
the PMI data showed there is a pressure
which is coming from exports. uh what we
saw was fair bit of a restocking happen
ahead of the tariffs. So which is where
the slowdown in exports is happening but
if we don't have the worst case outcome
on tariffs play out between US and China
which which our base case is then the
consumer confidence should improve from
here and you should see the pick up in
the economy. See China is not going to
go back to those historical growth
rates. I think um the growth rates are
somewhere between 3 to 4% etc. And which
is why one has to be selective about the
stocks one picks over there. uh but
things should improve from here
>> selective what sectors look
uh attractive to you
>> so what we were playing in China were
the global champions out of China the
likes of BYD shami um the Chinese
companies which are strong on
technological expertise etc and that's
where innovative karma in China was
something which we like some of the
leading Chinese healthcare companies
Hanzo hung hungry is what we own in our
portfolio I I think these are globally
competitive companies. 5 years from now
we'll call them the multinational
companies from China. Um these are
companies which are building business
outside the home market. Like the way we
discussed the local Chinese market is
going to grow in mid to high singledigit
levels. So obviously companies which are
able to find new growth frontiers will
get red.
>> Rahul we're starting to get more clarity
on some of these trade deals and what
comes out with these negotiates with the
US especially in Asia. you mentioned
might you know China might get a decent
deal. South Korea, Japan seems to be
leaning on the better side of things.
India is on the other side of that
equation. How should I look at these
markets now given that there are now may
not be set in stone tariff rates but
there's clearly is now signs of maybe
competitiveness now that could be
differing in different degrees.
>> Absolutely. So Korea is a market I'll
take first. This is the market we've
liked and we particularly like because
compared to Japan, Korea was under
valuations are 30 40% cheaper and
Koreans offer a superior value
proposition. They're a lot more flexible
than the Japanese in terms of doing
business etc. And I think they're going
to be key part of this whole rebuilding
in America theme. So we've seen the
alliance between US and Korea on the
ship building. A similar thing is
required in the US infrastructure
buildup particularly uh the power
infrastructure. sitting here in New
York, we face the power outages almost
at all times, summer service torrent
here. So clearly I think you see the
Korean um transformer companies
supplying to the US grid etc. So that's
that's a good positive story. Um and the
tariff outcome is positive. So our view
is every 12 15 months this is going to
be a story where US administration is
going to take out the trade u deficits
they have with the countries and ask
them for more. So it's going to be a mix
of better access, invest more in the US
and that's going to go on the India
case. Clearly the 25% number which we
see and we all know that these numbers
are subject to change negotiations etc
is clearly a disappointment much higher
than what one was envisaging before
looking at the fact that India was a
geopolitical ally but I think that's
more to do with the fact that India held
out on opening the agriculture market
and what we've seen in the US also is
the administration is under pressure
because of these Epstein files President
Trump is losing uh some support between
his core
Mala base etc. a ahead of midterm next
year they wanted some victories. So so
the hope is that India provides some bit
of a concessions on the agriculture
side. If anybody can sell uh this this
agriculture reforms is the Modi
administration to the people and look
economic development benefits the
farmers more from a higher ag higher
land prices than anything else. So, so I
think uh one would like to see more
reforms, more of opening up from India
in this case.
>> The India market though has been a bit
of a lagard if you compare to the rest
of of the region, right? Um and really
it says there's signs of things are
maybe slowing down there and the like I
mean how should I position around India
now? Is there is there room for a catch
up you think?
>> So I think this year India may continue
with a bit of an underperformance. What
you're seeing is kind of an household
balance sheet repair which is going on.
Uh we've been talking about this for a
while. Last two years we had kind of a
unconstrained unsecured uh debt growth
in in the economy consumer lending
growth in the economy which which uh was
kind of a clampdown by the central bank
early last year. So that takes it own
time to get digested and and that's what
the correction we are seeing. We seeing
um the rate cuts having their impact uh
um on the economy and things should
improve. The rural part of the economy
is doing much better than the urban. Our
hope is by late Q3 or early Q4, you
should see signs of urban recovery also.
See from from a medium-term structural
perspective, India is one of the
strongest economies with low debt to
GDP, strong fist status, etc. um
near-term like the way we saw in 2016 or
19 when you've got a global recovery um
the North Asian economies play the
catch-up trade the valuation there are
much kind of a cheaper compared to India
they're underrown they're kind of a more
pro- cyclical um so India also
underperformed in 16 and 2019 and caught
up the year after
>> Rahul
negotiations could continue though
between the US and India India. How much
of that negative sentiment do you think
is already priced into Indian markets?
I
>> think if you look at an economic impact,
there's not much impact uh on that. I
mean um India's kind of trade surplus
with the US is barely 50 billion. Um so
it's it's it's not a significant number
in terms of the trade. Also India is a
very domestically and demand-driven
economy. So that's not much. But what
this uh uncertainty on tariffs with the
US does is um lot of businesses which
were looking to evaluate India from a
China plus one strategy would put that
on hold would move to other markets. So
that's that's really pushing out um one
more angle of the India growth story
which was a manufacturing kind of coming
to India from China. Um so so obviously
uh you want that uncert uncertainty to
uh go away as quickly as possible which
is why the hope is that um negotiators
on both sides find a solution which is
palatable acceptable.
>> I wonder how you viewing um some of the
more developed markets within Southeast
Asia for example such as maybe
Singapore. I mean the region is kind of
being bogged down in a way not just
because of trade tensions. There was a
border conflict uh in the past week. How
are you viewing perhaps some of the
opportunities
beyond East North Asia or uh what we're
seeing in India?
>> Yeah. So if you look at Singapore
particularly look large part of that
market is banks which are fairly valued.
So we don't see much upside over there.
But what we like is the consumer
platforms the likes of Crab which are
doiciled in and get a sizable part of
their revenues profitability from
Singapore. So those are attractive
platforms and with the recovery in Azen
which comes because of trade kind of
uncertainty now coming through which
comes because of rate cuts and growth
acceleration. These are the platforms
which are going to grow basically um
they're gaining a higher share of
consumer wallet. They they're improving
their stickiness also. competitive
intensity is also mellowed down. So, so
we would stick to the large consumer
platforms um like SEO grabbul
great to have you Rahul Cha there CIO at
Shikara Investment Management joining us
live from New York this evening. Still
ahead on the China show A&Z joins us to
discuss the impact on economic growth of
Beijing's drive against excessive
competition. What came out or what did
not come out of that poll bureau meeting
Raymond Young A&Z chief greater China
economist joins us there. They recently
just upgraded their growth forecast for
the year. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
One of our top stories this morning is
China's top leadership emphasizing again
about its determination to reduce excess
competition in the economy. That was
really sort of the gist that we got that
came out of this polar bureau readout,
right? But what was it short of in terms
of details? Well, if you were
anticipating some sort of largecale
stimulus, you didn't quite get it here.
Leaders instead say macroeconomic
policies must be strengthened when
necessary, pledging to ramp up
government bond issuance and fund use.
They also say monetary policies should
keep liquidity ample and reduce
borrowing costs. this on the back of
what we got in those PMI numbers which
did pretty much disappoint across the
board here. Let's bring in Raymond Yang,
chief Greater China economist at A&Z.
They recently just upgraded their China
2025 growth forecast as well. Raymond,
it's always great to have you. Um, what
do we what was missing do you think in
this polar bureau readout that you were
looking out for?
>> No, I don't see any chance for them to
have um very similar big package just as
last year. I don't expect this will come
this year. um by reading the script I
believe they just want to maintain the
current pace uh of the stimulus effort
the growth supportive meth uh effort and
also they mentioned about uh fine-tuning
and executing um the uh stimulus program
which means that they probably not aim
for quantity expansion but more on the
quality um of the stimulus package that
they have already announced in the last
few months and make sure that they
execute and maintain the pace and
achieve the 5% growth this year
>> to To be fair, the numbers have been
decent, right? The growth numbers have
been strong and the GDP numbers as well.
We have some sort of framework with with
the US. I mean, are those sort of the
big factors on why they can hold off on
stimulus for now?
>> Um, well, I think the long-term policy
for them is to for China is to boost the
domestic demand
>> specifically to try to boost the
consumption uh to rebalance the economy.
But the immediate threat to the economy
is actually more domestically related
than external related. I always talk
about the deflation uh pressure in China
and even if you look at the number um
PMI number announced earlier this
morning and I am paying less attention
to the overall PMI like 49.3 but more on
the input and output price index which I
encouraging you know the two indexes uh
up by two percentage points. So I think
that would be um uh related to the
recent effort they called it
anti-inflution. Yeah. um and try to uh
avoid overco competition and excess
capacity you know in the economy. I
think this is more important than to me
the than the trade talk and uh the
percentage of the tariff imposed by the
US
>> the price wars this whole anti-evolution
we've had so many guests say you know
it's it's so different now than 2015
2016 the supply side reforms you said
there this is more targeting the private
sector so it's a bit harder to reinforce
as well what is your take overall and
and how can it actually deliver and
because you mentioned reflation in your
reports
>> that's a strong word
>> yeah yeah um Reflation effort obviously
is trying to uh be very similar to the
2015. You know my point of view is more
about reducing the level of infantry in
the property sector and we're using the
excess capacity or the obsolete capacity
uh in the manufacturing sectors and not
obviously the stateowned sector will
also play a major role in terms of their
manufacturing investment. But at the
same time for the private sector of
course it's more to do with the um how
they going to persuade the private
sector um that this is very important
you know for survival and through the
market competition in the last two years
in fact we've seen some consolidation of
the uh manufacturing sector so the
capacity we started to uh reduce and uh
started to fall uh for example the
electric the EV sectors um at was very
very strong and uh but there are lots of
players a few hundred players two two
two years ago, but now it's down to
maybe the top 10 or the top 20. That
will be um some um the the path for the
uh anti-involution um you know to move
uh forward.
>> So is it going to be take a significant
hit to jobs to growth then when you're
talking about these particular
industries? Well, this particular
industry is probably not less to do with
the youth unemployment that we usually
refer to like 40 14 or 15% you know huge
level of unemployment for the youth uh
because most of these sectors we call
that new productive forces uh is already
run by robots and AI is very automated
system anyway so they don't create that
much jobs um compared with the services
sector for example real estate services
that's employed a lot of people food and
breage just does employ a lots of
people. So these are the sectors that uh
if they really want to stabilize
employment which is the top priority in
yesterday's statement at the polra um I
think that will be um uh that they they
need to have more policy to support
consumption and the service sector
recovery.
>> Does does that mean these subsidies
these trade in programs does it have to
expand beyond just what we've been
seeing so far? Does it have to go into
services for example? Some people are
speculating that
>> they have earmarked you know um 500
billions you know to uh support
consumption this year and I do believe
that they the local government uh
especially for the big or wealthy
witches provinces
>> um in the coastal region will have they
also mobilize their own financial
resources to support consumption as
well.
>> Uh I I want to get your take on this
this upgrade that you have for 2025.
I think you were probably one of the
more bearish on the street for some time
and now you're probably one of the more
optimistic economists out there. What's
behind that big shift that you're seeing
in growth?
>> Don't forget that I was probably the our
banks the first one to upgrade GDP
early. Yeah. Uh right in the middle of
January we had 4.8% but after the
liberation date we downgraded because of
the uncertainty.
>> Yeah. But of course is the the situation
of the trade off to US very fruit and as
we were talking about a global tariff
not just a tariff to Chinese goods but
to the whole world.
>> Um so at that point time we decided to
downgrade it and but uh after the last
two or three months that we clearly that
the US and China
>> both sides uh want to seal a deal and
don't they don't want to escalate the uh
trade tension because of um the very
established supply chain. Um so this
gives us you know um some confidence
that the growth momentum in the first
and second quarter will persist you know
towards the second half of the year.
>> What about for exports? Um you know if
we're starting to see signs of things
cracking in the MPMI data you know how
what does the rest of the the year look
like when it comes to the export center
and can it continue to still be a pillar
for growth? I do think that today I
won't pay attention too much you know to
um the today's number too seriously in
terms of gauging the second half export
outlook uh because some of the front
load um shipments um uh happened um
perhaps you know two or three months ago
uh but then if we look at the electronic
supply chains we even look at Nvidia
ordering TSMC chips you know for to uh
in order to support China demand uh that
is a good sign and positive news you
know to the second half outlook of China
ultimately Chinese export to the US is
not really price elastic. So the impact
the impact of tariff is not that huge
because the Chinese product is very
difficult to replace and substitute. So
um I think that the second half outlook
for export value would be um pretty
stable um because of the structural
shift and the structural um impact of
the AI development around the world. So
that will be um a uh key support to the
Chinese export in over the next few
months. uh the the news we're getting
some signs of maybe of these subsidy
programs, right? And what they could
actually be doing. What we heard
yesterday, you know, a few days ago was
about uh child care subsidies, right? If
you have a baby, you get uh $500 and the
life per child. And now we're seeing
Beijing City in just the last couple of
minutes, they're announcing a child care
subsidy program and these measures to
enhance the birth support. Obviously,
there's a structural side of things
here, the declining birth rate. I is
this more about consumption policy, you
think, or more about population policy?
I think it's a bit of both, you know,
also because of the demographic pressure
for China. There's there's no uh way
that they want to go back to the
population control, but in fact, they
like to encourage as many baby as
possible. But of course, that's not very
easy for them to simply use the
subsidies to um boost uh the birth rate
in China. In the end, what matters to
China is the total factor productivity
uh improvement in order to increase the
wage growth rather than having the
quantity of labor input to support
growth. I think that's uh very important
for China to continue to have the
innovation and technology improvement to
sustain the growth. Um and we talked
about in October there will be the uh
fourth plenum. Yeah. And they're going
to talk about the uh 15 five year plan.
And I think that the tech and innovation
will continue to be the major growth
driver in the next 5 years.
>> Will property continue to be the drag
then?
>> Uh
>> do you see a bottom anytime soon?
>> I it is very difficult to see a um
recovery given the lack of infantry. It
takes more than two and a half years or
even close to three years to digest the
current infantry level. It's not easy.
>> Raymond, good to have you. Raymond Yun
there, chief greater China economist at
A&Z as well. We're checking the property
names in particular here just given what
we saw and maybe what we didn't see in
that Paulo Bureau meeting. This is
perhaps part of the economy that does
need maybe some stimulus there and you
are seeing a bit of disappointment in
the likes of Sunnac China. There were
down some 6%. Wanka is also down some 6%
here today. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, in terms of movers here this
morning, we're watching some of these
baby stocks, right? So, Beijing City now
announcing some childc care subsidy
programs there. So uh ways to enhance
the birth support. So you're seeing the
likes of BMA, Dinglishing Fertility are
up. It's a mixed picture though. You're
seeing the likes of Kids Wants and
Bright Dairy heading lower. In terms of
chip stocks, obviously the Samsung
earnings has been one thing. A bit of a
let down there in terms of the chip
business. So uh logging the big profit
miss there. So that's why Samsung's down
one and a half% and dragging the Cosby
here this morning. But Skhinx on the
flip side doing quite well. We're up 3%.
Taiwan Semi also catching a slight bid
here this morning. And of course we're
checking the yen. We're checking BOJ. Uh
just it could be happening any minute,
any hour now really. But we're seeing a
bit of strength coming into this BOJ
meeting. They're largely expected not to
do anything, but looking to see what
they have to say, of course, on the back
of the US and Japan coming out of this
with this trade deal as well. Plenty
more ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
11:28 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese markets
are going on a lunch break in just a
moment. Of course, we're also focusing
on India as well. Uh, with what, you
know, they're waking up to here with the
US threatening 25% tariffs on the
country, right? So they were talking
about you know obviously there's
economic sort of uh choking points here
whether it's the agricultural sector and
the like but also geopolitics and how
India has been of course in the
relationship with Russia and buying
Russian oil the like. So there's
geopolitics there's eco all kind of
weaved into one big sort of uh
negotiation there uh of uh complexity I
guess you could say it there. So
certainly though futures are still
slightly higher but the rupee certainly
is in focus here after we did see a bit
of disappointment there on the currency
uh on the back of that trade deal as
well. So that's what to watch there the
25% tariff rate on India it is seems to
be one of the worst and highest that
we've seen among the world right now. On
the flip side of that South Korea has
gotten a deal of 15%. Let's bring in our
news desk editor Bas Pence now uh with
more on this. Bas tell us a bit more
about the Korea angle and what are the
details of this deal.
>> Yes. Hi. Uh it looks like Korea managed
to get pretty much a similar deal to
what Japan got except Korea got it just
before the bell. There's a 15% across
the board tariff and it also sets up an
investment element similar to what we
saw in the Japan deal. For Korea's case,
it's a $350 billion investment fund. The
details are still unclear on that.
Although we have heard from the Korean
side that 150 billion of that will go to
uh helping rebuild the US ship building
industry which is obviously a sector
that Korea is uh very powerful in.
Crucially for the Korean side the 15%
includes cars uh clearly a great
exporter in the automotive sector uh are
South Korean companies. Uh so it looks
like the structure of the deal is very
similar. They got a favorable rate to a
lot of uh their competitors uh across
Asia and generally it's been pretty well
received here in Soul.
>> Okay. Tell us a bit more about the
reaction. Is this seen as a win for
Korea?
>> Well, certainly uh President Lee hailed
it as a as a deal that creates certainty
for exporters who account for 40% of the
country's uh GDP. One thing that uh
people here in Soul has been have been
focusing on very much is whether the US
will get greater access to Korea's beef
and rice markets. That's a very
emotional issue. That's a very important
issue for a key part of President Lee's
voter base. The Korean side tells us
that they avoided uh those uh market
openings uh for US beef and rice.
Although President Trump, it must be
said, mentioned agriculture as one of
the one of the market areas that that
the agreement covers. So, we will need
to uh do a little bit more reporting. We
will need to hear a little bit more from
both sides to see how that actually
plays out. On the markets, it's been uh
received kind of uh in stride. Uh this
is something that has seems like has
been pretty much priced in. Korean
stocks are down a little bit. that has
to do with Samsung earnings. Uh earlier
today the one has strengthened a bit.
There will be more talks going forward
between uh Secretary Bessant and his
Korean counterpart today. Uh so we will
see if more details emerge on the on the
deal when that happens.
>> All right, Bas, thank you Blas Pence
there. uh on the soul side of things.
Let's get to the India side of things
here as well as we talk about uh what
you know investors are looking ahead to
at this open. Katya Dmitri Evva is with
us as well. So it looks like they're
getting one of the worst tariff rates in
the world right now and this is a nation
that is a geopolitical ally. They were
first in line when it comes to these
trade negotiations. What happened?
>> Yeah, it really it is I mean it's not
just the highest in the region, it's the
highest in the world. And this is a
country that is very important to the US
in the region as sort of this
counterweight to China. We keep hearing
about that. And it's also a big source
of uh of some imports like smartphones.
So really important imports for the US.
And it seems like um what we come back
to time and time again is that the Trump
administration um has issued these
tariff declarations. is he is going
forward with tariffs um and he is going
forward even when it could potentially
hurt the US in the long term both
economically but also geopolitically and
we saw that sort of we're on the eve now
of the August 1 deadline. We've seen
that with a lot of the trade deals and
kind of last minute wrangling that's
happening right now as well.
>> Yeah. I mean in particular with India he
mentioned not just that they're called
the tariff king but also these kind of
non-monetary trade barriers but then he
talks about the geopolitics of it all
right the the energy reliance that India
has with Russia for example yes
>> does that just add to the unpredict
predictability of of US trade policy now
>> yeah yeah absolutely and the oil part is
important right because what we know
about the India trade deal is that
they're facing 25% tariffs but there's
still this unknown of how much higher
that can go because they import so much
Russian oil. This has been a big focus
for the Trump administration. We heard I
guess now this is last week now when uh
the secondary tariffs which is something
that the US hasn't done before but that
they'd be targeting uh chi uh China
sorry India with um because it's a large
importer as well as potentially China
because it's also a large importer of
Russian oil. So, you have the
geopolitics, you have the economics in
play. Um, and we still don't know how
high that tariff rate can go. As well as
all these other agreements like South
Korea that we heard today. Um, there's
also, uh, Thailand, Cambodia that Lutnik
just said, you know, potentially we have
a deal with. So, there's a lot there's
still a lot to come and we're still, you
know, basically the day away from August
1st.
>> And August 1 isn't even the be all end
all. It seems at all going Katya. Thank
you, Katya. Demetri of Altar. Thanks to
Basp Ben there joining us out of our
soul bureau this morning as well. We're
checking Japanese markets. Of course, uh
we're in the middle of that lunch break,
but certainly we're we're going to see
what this means when the BOJ is meeting.
And of course, that announcement could
be happening any minute, any hour now as
well. And you know, dollar yen, all the
like here obviously been tracking the
kind of the the firmness in the dollar
of late after that Fed, you know, they
really didn't give too much in terms of
whether rate cuts are imminent right
now. So that's why you are seeing uh
though that that's kind of petering out
but the yen is stronger leading up to
this BOJ meeting. Uh but the nicke and
topics are looking pretty good, right?
We we've set a pretty good week really
when it comes to nicke25. Uh we're near
those records if not even higher uh
there right now as well. So we're on
watch for BOJ do anytime now. Let's
bring in Tomah, senior Japan economist
at Goldman Sachs. Uh Tommoiro, it's good
to have you, right? It it's interesting
this this BOJ meeting, right? It's comes
against what we just got which is a US
and Japan trade deal which is seem to be
looking pretty good 15% tariffs. But
then there's also a lot of political
uncertainty internally and domestically
in Japan right now. How do you think the
BOJ is going to deal with these two
forces? Now,
>> yeah, that's a that are two important
kind of know factors when we think about
the monetary policy in the next 12
months. But we still maintain that our
original focus that the next rate hike
by the Bank of Japan will be the January
next year. So, so no rate hike by the
end of this year. So as you mentioned
that the tariff deal is is now done. So
now the many market participants are
looking at the earlier uh rate hike
before January but we still maintain our
view by the by kind of one big reason
that is the uncertainty still remains.
So basically the know last week's deal
lower the tariff uncertainty on the
tariff policy itself. So, so now we have
the bit more visibility on the what is
happening on the US tariff policy. So
that's a good thing but the we still
have the one another big uncertainty on
the impact of those tariff policy on
Japanese economy. So still we we are
waiting for the very first data on those
things. So it takes time and on top of
that most important uncertainty for a
BOJ is the impact of those tariff on
Japanese based wage growth because you
know wage growth is the most important
kind of factor for for the BOJ's
monetary policy going forward. So that's
why the we think that BOJ will wait
until January when the BOJ observes some
momentum for the Shunto wage growth
which is the most important leading
indicator for Japanese wage growth in
2026.
>> Yes. So certainly the impact of of
tariffs on inflation that's one key
reason why they might be holding. I'm
wondering what's what's going on with
the political uncertainty, right? And
you know, whether Ishaba is going to
stay as prime minister or not, that
upper house election setback for the
LDP, there's a narrative going on now
that this party is going to have to lean
right with populist measures, which
means maybe more tax cuts. How are you
factoring that in into overall the
growth picture for Japan now?
>> Yeah. So, still, you know, the on the
political side, a lot of uncertainties
ahead. So we don't know what happens to
what happened to the prime minister and
what happened to the the minority
government but at this moment our basic
case scenario is that the r current
ruling parties the ldp and kmet party
will maintain their their kind of
cabinet so and they maybe make a mild
coition with other opposition parties so
that's why the basically that we expect
that the status quo that at least on the
monetary policy the fiscal policy we
still have some other discussions but on
the monetary policy the ongoing kind the
ele the last election from 10 days ago
and the ongoing some uncertainty in the
politics does not really change the
monetary policy direction much at this
moment
>> how do you look at the fiscal concerns
right obviously the JGB market has been
really kind of pricing that in the
fiscal concerns on the long end of the
of the yield curve right now how do you
see you know this election outcome
really impacting the likes of bond
yields and inflation if any.
>> Yes. So basically that's the first first
thing first as you as you rightly
mentioned that public debt
sustainability is one of the most
important topic in the JGB market in the
last couple couple more than couple of
months I think. So so that is a really
crucial point we need to think about. So
and but the basically we are relatively
positive on the Japanese public debt
sustainability in the short run because
so now we have an inflation and thanks
to the inflation the tax revenue is
increasing the primary balance is now
improving and the deficit is now now
decreasing towards zello and the public
debt sorry the the debt public debts to
GDP ratio is decreasing so basically
it's a basically good momentum is
maintained and on top of that interest
rate is still lower than the United
States or in the Europe that also helps
the ongoing situation. So that's why we
are we do not really think that the
public debt sustainability issue would
show the very bad signal sometime very
soon. But the I have the one big
reservation on this. So that is the if
Japanese government the current
government or the future government they
decide to make some meaningful say
permanent tax cut this the we have to
think reconsider this story because we
are we are currently a positive on the
short-term momentum tax revenue is
increasing and others but sometime soon
in the next three to five years interest
rate is get is bit higher coupon payment
will be increased and the budget budget
spending will be increased because of
inflation. So in order so then the we
will go back we will finish our bonus
stage that so so if we just decide to go
the any meaningful tax cut for the
future in the next five to 10 years that
could the damage the sustainability in
the three years ahead. So that's why if
the government decide the relatively
shortterm fiscal easing, we think that
it is okay. But if they they they decide
to do the permanent tax cut, for
example, the consumption tax cut, this
is a big problem. And at this moment we
our base case scenario is no consumption
tax cut and in the next one at least you
know in the foreseeable future because
our base case scenario is the looting
parties maintain their the minority
government but if this situation changes
we have to yeah we have to seriously
consider the situation.
Um Tom here I'm wondering in terms of
just it's interesting right I think
we've marked exactly a year maybe next
week Tuesday when we saw that huge
historic meltdown in in Japanese stocks
right I think the topics had its worst
slump since uh 1987 it was really kind
of fueled by this whole stronger yen a
lot of questions about the carry trade
and really uh it was triggered by that
surprise uh hike from the BOJ how do you
look at it now one year on do you think
that BOJ today. Have they kind of ironed
out a lot of this sort of communication
style and the like here? Can they
actually once they do are ready to raise
interest rates, will they be able to
avoid triggering an exodus like it did a
year ago?
>> Yeah. So that's clearly the
communication with the market has been
has been a problem and potent maybe I
guess an headache for the bank of Bank
of Japan. So but of course they are
learning from their own experience in
the last one years. So at this moment we
do not really see the big surprise from
the B Bo BJ. So if they do do something
then maybe they will basically we do not
expect any surprise rate hike today for
example. So if they right know want to
show do show the market that we will
they will raise the rate earlier then
they say for example September October
and the theoretically in December then
they would show something in the in
their communication today and today is
the best timing for that because because
the quarterly economic outlook report
will be published today so maybe in the
next 30 minutes or so we don't know so
that is indeed kind of important
catalyst for us to find out the future
direction of the BOJ. But still one big
thing is as I mentioned the five minutes
ago the BOJ doesn't have the most
important signal for the monetary policy
which is the momentum for the based wage
growth. We need to wait for the early
January in order to find out those
leading indicator Shunto wage growth
momentum. So that's why at this moment
we do not think that the BOJ provide any
the clear signal on the direction for
the monetary for policy.
>> Tomah thank you so much Tomah there
senior Japan economist at Goldman Sachs
and subscribers can also turn to the
terminal for more on this t live go is
your function for the latest updates as
well commentary analysis from all our
expert editors as we countdown to that
BOJ decision. We got plenty more ahead.
This is lumber.
[Music]
Well, chair of Hone Properties thinks
Hong Kong's residential market has yet
to bottom with no signs of the market
picking up. Speaking exclusively to us
earlier, Adriel Chen says he sees a
recovery though in China's retail sales.
So first of all, our earnings are kind
of blended. We have both development
properties for sale and then we have our
uh investment properties which is mostly
China leasing. And if you separate out
the development properties, which we
sold less of this year, actually China
leasing uh is flat. Um our rental
revenues for retail properties uh is
flat, which I think in this market is
probably not too bad. Um even though
tenant sales are down just low single
digits. Uh so what we're seeing is uh
better than expected definitely. Um I
think everybody was a little bit nervous
first half of the year. Uh but come
second quarter uh we really saw a little
bit of a pickup in the retail sales. So
uh in terms of the trajectory it is
looking like it's on the right track
even if uh rental revenues are down
slightly.
>> Are you more optimistic on the retail
side over the office side of things? I
mean you mentioned a lot in the earnings
about the uncertainties whether it's
about trade tariffs as well as with
interest rates right now. Is that going
to impact more on the commercial side of
things?
>> Absolutely. So, the offices are still uh
struggling both in Hong Kong and in
mainland China. Uh even more so in
mainland China, there's a huge uh you
could say a glut of office supply and
not that many people looking to expand.
Um over here in Hong Kong, uh what we're
hearing is even though there is a lot of
supply, uh there are some banks that are
making announcements about coming back
to work in the office. And so in Hong
Kong, even though we've been in this
sort of prolonged slump for office
market, uh it does seem to have some
green shoots. Let's hope that that picks
up. Um, back to mainland China. So,
retail does feel a lot stronger uh than
offices for me.
>> How are you dealing with maybe the bit
of consumption habits that are changing,
right? I mean, there's a shift into new
consumption now. There's people in Hong
Kong heading up north to to consume.
What is Hangong looking in terms of, you
know, anything when it comes to GBA?
>> In terms of GBA, you know, for now, this
is probably not uh the time that we're
looking to expand heavily in terms of
capex. Uh so I don't think that you
would expect to see us make any big
announcements uh in the near future.
That being said, we have been looking at
ways to increase our footprint with
relatively less capex. Um new
consumption is is on everybody's lips.
Um the Lubu craze, uh PopMart and Laoo,
all of these are our tenants. Uh and
we're making sure that we have uh we
have exposure to the the best tenants.
>> In Hong Kong though, I got to ask you
about the residential side of things,
right? We've seen prices of new projects
are continuing to fall slowly and almost
at par with what you're seeing in the
old and existing property side of
things. Do you expect developers to
continue to scout these new projects
further
>> in Hong Kong? I feel like the prices
have come down uh quite a quite a lot.
Uh if anyone's in the market for a
house, it's probably not a bad time to
buy here. Um that being said, it's it's
I would not I would hesitate to call the
bottom. Um I think we might trundle
along the bottom for some time. Um I I
don't see any immediate reasons for the
market to pick back up. That being said,
I also hopefully and at least for the
time being don't see any reasons for the
market to go down further either. So we
might uh we might trundle around along
for a while.
>> Adriel Chen there, chair of Hong
Properties there on the back of their
earnings. In some of the corporate news
this morning, China's CL says profit
rose 34% in the second quarter to $2.3
billion as it shrugged off weak EV
demand and falling battery prices.
Revenue fell slightly short of the
consensus estimate of 13 billion. US
tariffs have added to the uncertainties
facing Chinese suppliers and those eight
shares of CL down some 3% in Hong Kong
today. Meanwhile, Qualcomm shares fell
in late trading after reported weaker
than expected smartphone chip sales.
Phone related revenue rose just 7% to
6.33 billion last quarter. That's
missing estimates as well. The results
add to fears that a broader chip rebound
may be short-lived. ARM shares fell in
late trading after the chip designer
forecast weaker than expected profit.
the company says is ramping up R&D to
chase AI growth with second quarter
earnings projected at 29 to 37 cents a
share which was below some estimates.
CEO Renee H says the spending surge is
affecting profit in the short term. We
got plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right. Uh there are a lot of sort of
way things are moving here this morning.
In particular, it is very earnings
driven, right? So we take a look at how
CL is doing. We talked about the
earnings there. Budweiser AP pack
actually the earnings weren't actually
as good but then again the stock is up
some 1.3%. But they did talk about how
you know there is that China slowdown
that continues to weigh on profits
there. Uh Prada is the big one though
talking you know about the earning side
of things there. We're down from 13%.
And and really the revenue miss on the
second quarter was what was the big I
guess culprit there and really citing
the weak luxury spending. But it's
different when you look at Miumu. It's
different when you look at Lex Prada.
Then again, you take a look at Holland
Properties. That's the one to watch here
today. So, one of the standouts among
the HSI, I believe it's the second
biggest mover to the upside. So, they
talked about, you know, earnings and
revenue were were down for the year, but
then again, some signs of stabilization
in the China retail leasing sector. That
certainly was what Adriel Chan told us
just a few minutes ago. And of course,
we're watching Mtoan. So process of
course they are selling down that stake
after what we heard from mtoan right
they launched kicha in Brazil process
also owns another big player there as
well so certainly that may be the sign
of why they they are selling down that
state but certainly uh we are seeing
that stock down some 4% on that news uh
also we're watching the likes of quaisho
interesting note so quao is number one
in terms of the biggest mover on the
board here uh there's been an a raise in
the price target from quai show from
Morgan Stanley. So what we're seeing in
the stock there guys, if we can bring it
up with quaisho, uh so they're raising
the price target there to 67 from 60 on
expectation of a growth in revenue and
net profit. So they're talking about
revenue will grow about 12%
year-on-year. Adjusted net profit will
grow 10% here. So that's largely in line
with its guidance. So certainly uh
that's the reason maybe that's why we
are seeing Quaiso shares up
substantially. We're close to 7% gains
for the stock right now. That's it for
us in the China show. BOJ could be
coming in any second, a minute.